[event-hubs] set known amqp props on systemProperties (#7973)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/CHANGELOG.md

## 5.0.3 (Unreleased)

> - Fixes an issue where known properties were not being set on a received event's `systemProperties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes [issue #7801](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/7973) where known properties were not being set on a received event's `systemProperties`.
```

I wonder if we should call this out as a "feature request". It didn't exist in previous versions of the library either

Author: Sounds fair enough. I can change the wording and update the version accordingly.

Author: Updated
